Remove heroku and add K8s (#40)
trywilco/wilco-docs: docs/building-your-quest/actions/network-http-request.md

```yaml
do:
- actionId: network_http_request

>   name: call_k8s_backend

Reviewer: call backend

  params:

>     url: "${user.K8sBackendUrl}/api/items?limit=10"

Reviewer 2: we don't need the `https://` here?

Author: The full url with the `https` prefix is returned from `user.K8sBackendUrl`

if:
  conditions:
  - conditionId: is_truthy
    params:
      value: ${outputs.call_backend.data?.items}

  then:
    ...
```

> In this example we make a request to users K8s server to get items. Then we check that response data includes `items`, which means the request was successful.

Reviewer 3: @NivRichter Can we even say a "K8s server"? Shouldn't it be a cluster or a service?

```suggestion
In this example we make a request to a user's K8s server to get items. Then we verify that response data includes `items`, which means the request was successful.
```

Author: That's an interesting point, I think we better to say `In this example we make a request to the user's K8s hosted backend to get items`
